hey and welcome back to another week and
I have to say I never fail to have fun
[Music]
you know I just you know cracking
cracking a cold one with the lads
[Music]
to close the bill that we add down below
hello so today is Sunday and I am off on
a rowing outing this morning it is it is
it's been sit behind me kind of
come it does not like me wait one sec
actually snowing out there and I've got
a rowing outing so that's gonna be
interesting
sorry yeah before that I've been I had
quite a long lion I didn't set an alarm
cuz I was like it's a Sunday and I don't
have that much work at this point in
term exciting times although if it's
snake it's gonna be so cold on this
outing I just need to layer up I've got
my thermals on but be cold
oh well literally okay I've been having
so much struggle with editing my vlog
from last week though like it's
currently uploading now but basically I
don't have enough storage on my laptop
so I always have to delete those stuff
and then but then it set the stuff
taking up space even when I've deleted
everything so that you haven't got space
it's just such a struggle so it's
delayed this editing process so much so
I need to know I need to I need to get
some sort of external hard drive or
something to sort it out but yeah
hopefully that will be up today hey
fingers crossed it's uploading so yeah
and the Wi-Fi is pretty good here as
well so decent stuff I'm gonna get on
with some supervision work now and catch
you later
so you scrap that I just got a message
saying that outing was cancelled I was
thinking like the weather is not good
for an outing oz yeah so I'm actually
quite pleased about that and I have got
outings I've got three outings in the
mornings next week so I've got enough to
keep me
it's a little good so now I'm just gonna
get on with some work I think I might
you know I'm gonna keep my thermals on
under my normal clothes because it's
that cold today but yeah Cory is
actually quite good news so I can get on
with work excellent so I am back in the
laundry room
how I've missed this place
very much
even though I've been hit like just over
a week I was so much washing I do
as many clothes
take me a bit of a while to sort through
it we're getting out and open it on
and then head back a decent life
this is something afternoon and I
thought it would be really busy like in
the laundry today because surely that's
what never after doing our laundry like
when are we everyone's gonna go put
laundry on but like those are the
machines are free which is great for me
because I put two loads on it once
so now the washing room is really busy
everyone just go after lunch so I'm
quite good so I completely rush I just
put some stuff in a tumble dryer now
Navy looks to stock down this crack in
the middle here but they managed to ship
the tumble dryer which ways it to hunt
by the way we retrieve the salt so it's
fine and you know now go back and Skype
some of my friends I think so much the
house so depressing that it's still dark
gritty so update your things are not
going off this morning I managed to fall
off my bike on the way to the boathouse
it's just great it's just a bit I see my
bike skidded hit a ridge just about
recovered luckily attorney well I've got
a few bruises on my chest apart from
that my bike is broken so I'm walking to
lectures but so I've just finished my
chemistry lecture and I'm walking now to
Dan in Psych
okay last minute
speaking great the chest is a bit sore
watch plug a bit earlier than pulling up
a bike so guess you got a 2:1 in their
chemistry Mach I did what a relief
I saw the two one I'm well pleased with
that that's decent get me so relieved at
least one of my mocks is gone like
decently I'm just I'm impressed myself
yes
this day is getting better my chest
still hurt so very much but it's fine
because we did well in our walk and
that's all matters so I just got my
physics book back as well now and that
so went better than expected
I got 17 at 30 which was a - - but do
you know what I literally thought I'd
got like 10 marks so 17 yes get me so do
you know what mocks have not been
absolute car crash yet like thank God
thank God we're going well feeling
actually on top of my work it's just so
unlike me go do some more this evening
because I'm know I had to miss my dance
class this evening because literally I
cannot I'm struggling to open doors at
the moment like a wince every time I get
up to move at the minute because of my
chest so I'm really hoping that that's
going to heal quickly it's just really
bruised at the moment so yeah don't fall
off your bike it's it's not a good idea
I still I still just thought my bike out
but because I'm just my arms like when I
use my arms I it just hurts my chest at
the moment so it like lifting my bike up
especially when the front wheel is not
rolling in the minute
take it to the bike shop to sort out
it's just too much effort so I might
have to get someone else to give me a
hand with that
so yeah I'll guess I'll help me out
maybe tomorrow
[Music]
so go forever speed will convict
somebody late this morning
my getaway it's maths and physics this
morning got my stuff my bag is nice and
likes to go why have you stopped
so ask it one we go
[Music]
we showed that K has to be 2 pi of the
wavelength of the way so instead of
writing down a lot of the time what the
wavelength of the wave is well write
down weight now the sad thing about not
having a bike is that everyone else go
cycling off and you're just left walking
alone sometimes what can you do see I'm
moving back to collision aryl do some
more work I've got supervision with my
new sciences supervisor this afternoon
say that'll be good feeling on top of my
work feeling ready for the day today's a
good day feeling well rested as well I
got quite a bit of sleep last night so
that's good
[Music]
so I have just got back from my first
supervision with my new Earth Sciences
supervisor yeah they're every good
supervisor so that's good
we just had an introductory supervision
or a nice day to our fossils topic that
we're doing at the moment in lectures
and practicals I mean it's okay I'm not
sure but it's my favorite apparently and
like the final practical exam we're
gonna have to like know how to like kind
of identify some fossils and think about
the environment where it would have been
and yeah tonight I'm not sure if it's
really my thing but you know whatever
will Beit will make the best of it but
I've we've been set some essays to write
for next week and a map exercise but the
essays we each do this I have my
supervision with one other person so we
have supervision in pairs and each
supervision pair one of you has to do
one essay and one of you has to do
another essay but the essays have beef
and SAP we haven't like covered any of
it in lectures yet the struggle the
struggles and yeah it just means I'm
gonna have to do a load of reading art
basically it's gonna take me forever and
we'll do a map exercise so it's a lot to
do for us not just this week but you
know what off the dye expect do you know
there's somebody kicking in my work at
the start of terms like I need to get
going on that I am currently doing maths
at the minute dice I just think I'm
gonna finish that I gave up on physics
like one question in that's to you first
I need to prioritize what's do you first
these strict myself hard times so I have
just taken my bike in for a surface set
we get down here though so I'm just
walking back from my dance class
it was very it's a bit of laughing it's
exercise very good I need to now go back
and interpret my Earth Sciences mock
result because I've got it back but like
I don't know what the number means I
don't know how many it's out off of its
a percentage or I don't you know there
was a typo in the exam so I'm not going
to take it very seriously because I feel
like it's not my fault that I'm a
southern part of it because the time
code did throw me off it's so noise I
started ages thinking that can't be
right
and it wasn't but it cost me time
elsewhere but oh well I'm gonna go back
and look at that because I'm interested
to see how I did yeah looking forward to
my dance competition this weekend
I think me and Tim my dance partner are
gonna meet up and do some extra practice
at some point hopefully so all ready for
Sunday no you're going well okay so I
got six out of ten but this was the part
where there was a typo that really threw
me off because I think this is a case
where I revise too much because I need
this specific fact that this number they
gave us should not be the number they
gave us and I'd literally I was really
confused I just threw me off so I'm just
gonna you know say you know if it hadn't
moved the type I like I think I would
have gotten more night
and it's okay I'm not too worried about
it the essay I got 57 percent which is
fine I mean I passed which is okay
obviously I have liked more than that
but then the average was only 58 percent
so I'm just below average across the six
of us who took it
from Jesus you do have sciences so you
know what I'm okay
the comments were that it's a good essay
for this stage of the year I should have
spent thinking and spending time on it
because I got so stuck on the first
section yeah not too shabby
yeah that's fine so I've come to the
physiology lecture theater about 45
minutes before my lecture starts because
I've got a break before this lecture and
like there's no assignment to study
apart from here no one here yeah I only
discovered this at the end of last term
as I've been having trouble because the
libraries are only open to students in
80 years and the other working space is
there's quite a little noise and I find
it's often like not worth it go all the
way back to college and then back out
selection theater when I only have an
hour's gap between lectures so it's
actually quite a good arrangement just
to sit have a whole lecture theater to
myself and do some work so I've brought
some work with me today go through it
and I think I think I'm gonna be quite
productive in this time so sneaky trick
it is really horrible I throw outside
not go like I just got back from my
morning of fun lectures of practicals on
my way back I took a quick detour to
pick up my bike which is now fixed and
actually working better than it was
before so that's good and I only paid a
tenner so didn't break the bank which is
good now I'm good Rory off I bought the
sandwich when I was out cuz calf is now
what was closed in five minutes in that
space I'm not gonna get over there in
five minutes so of course how much to
eat for lunch
yeah let's get on with the afternoon
shall we say I have just ordered a
doughnut from the Christian Union who
are delivering free doughnuts to
everyone today
asteroid has also yeah don't look don't
have you ordered raining iced nice
choice
this is great Bloomington it's just
showing the perks of being at Jesus and
having a great Christian Union you
actually do anyone else ordering a
doughnut will soon shots of recording
which I guess is shots at cider that
shots you can do anyone's a cider is
fine it doesn't really matter so
suddenly there's a lot of noise
downstairs I think that all going out
these are all the people who clearly
don't have commitments at nine o'clock
in the morning tomorrow me Astrid and at
we will just open our doors on the same
time look at each other like the hell is
going on you don't stay away yeah
literally everyone's here but you know
if it was it I don't mind like people
can have fun and they're gonna clear off
and very shortly to go to the club I'm
sure so we wish I could join them wish I
could join them but we're gonna stick
with physics instead I think so oh well
hey so guess who got a 2-1 in there max
mock me oh I'm so happy I thought I'd
messed up so bad actually a 2-1 is not
bad and I found it so hard it was a
horrible paper like honestly I was like
thinking I am is is going fine did that
math smart gun was like what the hell I
caused any of this it's better half the
mock like just staring at the questions
like I literally physically can't answer
anymore like it's not even going to come
to me but I still got to do one
yes sir new that rounds up the Mach
results and we've done not too bad
disaster avoided passing the back to me
I did do a fair bit of revision so thank
God they weren't too awful so yeah that
rounds out the vlog for this week I will
see you very soon with another vlog
thank you for watching if you enjoyed it
give it a like down below and subscribe
for more bye